# Important changes

`Seed` is now a class template. Each `RNGType` has its own seeding class
`Seed<RNGType>`. It is not possible to set globally a new seed with
`Seed::instance().set(s)`. This can only be done with each type of RNG
separately.

RNG set classes (`RNGSetScalar` etc.) now has an `reset` method instead of
`seed`.

`StateMatrix` member `state` is replaced by `operator()`, `copy` renamed to
`select` and `copy_particle` renamed to `duplicate`.

`Particle` member `value` is renamed `state`.

`Sampler` constructor has been rewritten. It no longer accept arguments about
resampling method and threshold. Instead, it is now a variadic template and
pass all of its arguments to `Particle`. The later will take the first
argument, if it there is one, as the number of particles, and pass the rest to
value type `T`. Use the new `resample_method` method of `Sampler` to configure
the behavior of resampling.

`AlignedAllocator` is renamed to `Allocator`. The old type alias `Allocator` is
removed. The default alignment is defined by `AlignmentTrait<T>`, which is
`MCKL_ALIGNMENT` for scalar types and `max(alignof(T), MCKL_ALIGNMENT_MIN)` for
others.

New configuration macro `MCKL_CONSTRUCT_SCALAR`. If it is zero (the default),
then `Allocator` will not zero initialize scalar values when `construct` is
called without additional arguments.

The HDF5 module has been rewritten. Now there are only two main functions,
`hdf5load` and `hdf5store`. The data types are detected based on iterator
types.

# New features

New C++ OpenCL RAII classes

`Sampler` `accept_history` etc., are renamed to `status_history` etc.

`Sampler` gains new methods, `status_size`, `read_status_history`, and
`read_status_history_matrix`.

`StateMatrix` gain `resize(N, dim)` method. Resizing a `StateMatrix` object
preserve original values in the following sense. Let N and M be the original
and new sizes, let K and L be the original and new dimensions. Then `resize(M,
L)` preserve the min(N, M) by min(K, L) matrix at the upper left corner of the
original. The overloading `resize(N)` assumes the dimension does not change.
The method `resize_dim` also gains this new behavior of preserving values.

`StateMatrix` can now handle the situation where the length of the input
`index` to `copy` is not the same as its own size. The results is a resized
matrix.

`Particle` can now be resized by various methods

One can now use resampling algorithms as a `Sampler::move_type` object through
`ResampleMove`

New distribution `ArcsineDistribution`

New generic `MoveSMP` etc., base classes. `MoveTBB<T, Derived` etc., are now
alias to `MoveSMP<T, Derived, BackendTBB>` etc.

New vectorized rounding functions

New RNG type alias, `RNG_64`, `RNGMini` and `RNGMini_64`. And new naming
scheme, which is more consistent with the others, for AES-NI based RNGs.

# Changed behaviors

Most methods which take a `MatrixLayout` type template parameter now has that
parameter as a runtime parameter.

Most methods that takes output iterators, (including pointers that used in this
fashion), now returns an iterator in the same way as `std::copy` etc.

`Vector` is now defined to be `std::vector<T, Allocator<T>>`

`Sampler::resample_scheme` is now renamed `resample_method`

`Particle::resample` is removed

# Removed features

`Monitor::read_record_matrix` overload which takes iterators to iterators is
removed

`StateMatrix::read_state_matrix` overload which takes iterators to iterators is
removed

MKL RAII classes no long has the `reset` method with same arguments as the
constructors. Use the constructor and move semantics instead.

`Monitor::index_data` and `Monitor::record_data` are removed

`AlignedVector` is removed

`hdf5store` is now overloaded for `Monitor`
